# Karl Pilkington Quotes

A slug is always on its own. It's a lonely insect.

And we've got a toaster and everything. So there is no reason for the wedding.

To me, a cat is an easy pet, they don't need any spoiling or looking after.

I don’t understand why people take pictures of mimes. Everyone looks like a mime in a picture.

There are  too many fat people knocking around. I put it down to two-for-one offers in supermarkets. Also lights in fridges.

I’ve heard the if you eat more than six bananas it will kill you. I saw a bowl with seven bananas in it & thought, that’s dangerous.

Jellyfish are 97% water or something, so what are they doing? Just give them another 3% and make them water, it’s more useful.

You never see an old man eating a twix.

It annoys me a bit how people like squirrels but not rats. At the end of the day they’re the same thing, except that squirrels had a better upbringing.

At some point, somethin’ has had it away with a leaf.

Neil Armstrong, that spaceman, he went to the moon, but he ain’t been back. It can’t have been that good.

If you don’t sleep you get run down. Sloths never get a flu…

If you had five photos of anuses, I could not point mine out.

People say having kids is life-changing, well that doesn’t necessarily mean a good thing does it? I could take one of my legs off. That would change my life.

If someone told me I’d never eat papaya ever again, I wouldn’t be bothered. I feel like this about most fruit.

We should have never left the sea. No fish is homeless. No fish dies of starvation or stress.

Why didn’t evolution make a giraffe good at carpentry so it could build a ladder?

Getting a wedding invite is like being summoned for a jury service. You don’t want to go, but it’s very difficult to get out of.

I reckon we’d get by okay if we had lobster hands.

Being honest with you, it's not the 'great' wall of China. It's an all right wall. It's the 'All Right Wall of China.'

I'd rather live in a cave with a view of a palace than live in a palace with a view of a cave.

I've never understood the 'things to do before you die' idea. If I was ill, I'd be in no mood to have a swim with a dolphin.

That's the problem with having a bald head. It exaggerates the shape.

I found that being with happy positive people annoys me.

We'll all die out eventually. Humans will be gone. And all I'm saying is, when people worry about polar bears disappearing or whatever, it's like, 'Well that's life, things will come and go, we'll find new species.'

With evolution, things are always changing, so I sort of think: Should we all be growing three heads?

I'd say the best is when I was in Africa, I saw a hippo in a house. Someone had a pet hippo. And they're meant to be one of the most dangerous animals on the planet, and they had one that was sort of just wandering in and out of their house, just sort of roaming about.

It would be spiteful to put a Jellyfish in a trifle.

I think it's mental to pay for water. Where is that water coming from? Are they in the hills puttin' it into bottles when years ago it used to roll down and go into the lakes?

I've never worried about life's big questions.

I was impressed by the Taj Mahal. A good bit of work, well looked after, worth paying money to see.

I just sort of go along and say what I think -and that's all you can do in life, really. 

A slug is always on its own. It's a lonely insect.

Yesterday, I did some painting then went out to buy an onion and came home and watched 'University Challenge.' The onion was probably the highlight.

Making the 'An Idiot Abroad' series, I was really dreading going to India; I thought I'd hate it. It was a nightmare, and I was really ill - just like everyone says.

To be honest, marriage doesn't scare me and that, it's just once you've been together for so long, if you haven't got any kids it's just a big expensive day out for everyone else to enjoy, isn't it?

For me, a good holiday is about value for money rather than things to see.

Sometimes you can know too much. A lot of brainy people like Stephen Fry are quite depressive.

When you've been on a programme called 'An Idiot Abroad' job offers aren't exactly flying in. 

I don't know what I'm meant to do. I'm not important, am I? I'm not doing anything that makes a difference.

Who'd have thought the Frisbee would have caught on?

I think it's a problem when something's a dream because it'll never live up to your expectations. It's better to go somewhere thinking it'll be horrible, and then be pleasantly surprised.

When I go on holiday and people ask me what I do, I tell them I do some internet stuff and I've done a couple of books and I hope they just leave it at that.

Me mum used to always have the radio on - even now she has it on in every room. Me girlfriend sort of blames that reason for me not doing that well at school - constant noise, really. 

Chinese people age overnight.

Well...like, when you're born, you're a little baby, you're wrinkly and stuff, when you get older you sort of morph into a baby again..

That's the problem with them fables, they're putting animals together that wouldn't meet. I don't know where a scorpion is knockin' around with a frog.

By 78 you've done everything you're going to do. If you haven't bungee-jumped by the time you're 78 you're not going to do it.

If I was Noah, I would have gone, "Hang on a minute, I've just seen somethin' that looks a bit like this, let it drown", have a bit of a clear out, but he was messin' about savin' everythin’.

We came from the sea originally, now we're going back in it. Don't go in it, unless you're in a boat.

Does the brain control you or are you controlling the brain? I don't know if I'm in charge of mine.

Woke up at 9.55am. Soon as I woke up, I looked at Suzanne and she looked at me. I said, "Did I tell you about the immune system?" Suzanne starting laughing, I said it's amazing. She said, "Not now."

I came up with a good idea....see through skin.

I find that if you just talk, your mouth comes up with stuff.

It's just easier to put stuff off once we've got this calendar, whereas if we didnt have a date you'd have to do everythin' straight away.

As long as you're rememberin' baby Jesus, does it matter when you're rememberin' 'im.

That's what I'm saying about Christmas, I might not be in the mood for it; December 25th.

The Elephant Man would never have gotten up and gone, ‘Oh, God. Look at me hair today.

We're just a weed in the universe.

I could eat a knob at night.

...I'll look for something else. We're surrounded by water. Why are we eating knob?

Where you are is what you eat. When I'm in London I'll have beans on toast for lunch. On holiday — what? Tapas? Go on then I'll have a bit. You eat whatevers in that area.

Whether it's a potato or a nut, it's a foodage!

Read about a pub which is gettin' some stick 'cause its stopped a horse goin' in. Its been the horse' regular for ages, but some new owners have taken over the pub and they said they're servin' fresh food and don't want a horse in there anymore.

I look at life like a big book and sometimes you get half way through it and go 'Even though I've been enjoying it, I've had enough. Give us another book.

I'm just sayin', I don't like fun.

They say it all started out with a big bang. But, what I wonder is, was it a big bang or did it just seem big because there wasn't anything else drown it out at the time?

You can be an ugly baby and everyone goes "awww innit nice?" There was some women in a cafe the other week that I was sat in, and she came up and she sat down with her mate and she was talkin' loudly goin' on about "oh the baby's lovely." They said it's got, er, lovely big eyes, er, really big hands and feet. Now that doesn't sound like a nice baby to me. I felt like sayin' it sounds like a frog. But I thought I dont know her, there's only so much you can say to a stranger. I dont know what kept me from sayin' it.

Just been into the zoo, 'avin a look round an that. Went into the, er, into the aquarium. Mental, the amount of fish that are knockin' about.

My auntie Nora right, all her food is mashed. She's got teeth but she don't need 'em.

I think some bacteria have better lives than that.

What's that plate that's above a saucer but below a plate?

Yeah but everyone was a saint years ago, that seemed to be thrown about back then. Who's a saint now, in this year, who's a saint? And yet this guy, lived in a hut in the woods, 'oh yeah that's Saint John or whatever.' He wasn't a saint, he did nothin.

It’s just hassle of having friends and family an’ that.

The world is getting more and more scruffier, innit?

You won't get anything done by planning.

Any problem solved is a new problem made.

The first time I see him, I'd be a little like, what should I say, what shouldn't I say? Whereas once you get to know him I'm sure he'd be a lovely little fella.

I don't know why they're called fun-sized; I mean, if I called a midget fun-sized, they'd kick off.

It's no good operating on eyes if your eyes are asleep.

Turns out it was another load of monkeys from another part of the island...from the rough bit...

Apparently you're not allowed to lick a toad's back.

So I was watchin David Attenborough.. he makes his money out of flies and that dun' he.

At what point is a wasp ever going to have a chat with a spider?

It is hard eating a little kangaroo knob.

At no point am I going to lick a little frogs head.

Stay green. Stay in the woods. Stay safe.

In the sea you've got to be constantly sort of alert. It's worse in the sea. In the sea you've got an enemy behind every rock.

Flies used to be happy-go-lucky, on their own; the sun’s out, have a fly about. Now, there’s little attacks going on.

They keep saying that sea levels are rising an all this. It's nowt to do with the icebergs melting, it's because there's too many fish in it. Get rid of some of the fish and the water will drop. Simple. Basic science.

People moan about drugs being tested on animals. I sort of think it depends innit. If the drug's aspirin and the monkey's got a headache, is it right?

They've found this spider, in the jungle. Three foot long, it eats chicken. Bit weird, innit. People moan saying that you shouldn't lock animals up and all the rest of it, but to be honest I wish it was locked up. The idea that it's roaming in a jungle... get it locked up.

It's like the panda, they say that's dying out. But what do they do? When you see them they're just sitting in the jungle eating.

A dog has got human eyes.

I was still using my eyes even though I had them shut.

I saw a cockroach playing Pacman. It was on the internet, right, and somebody had linked up a cockroach to err... to some... I can't even be bothered explaining it, but that's what I'm saying - everything is moving on.

I will not be lickin a frog, so there's nothin' to worry about.

I've been watchin birds more than insects recently, and the thing I've found with pigeons is: they've got wings but they walk a lot.

Fella comes walking toward me. Only got no pants on. So I said, ‘Suzanne, what's going on?

Do you know like, when you're a bloke nudist, Do you ever get any who just have like a small knob?

Walking down the street in London with Suzanne, saw a little homeless.. well I didn't see the homeless bloke right, I saw a leg stickin out of a doorway, thought 'here we go', right. Walked past it, right, you're not gonna believe this. Homeless.... chinese fella. I've never seen one of them.

Yeh I know but, I remember one on our estate, right. And she was a bit... what's the word that you can use cos I don't want to offend anyone? I'd say mental... but sort of mental homeless, is that a term?

Could the world fall?

I was walking past a sex shop an' that. One, it was open early which I never understood, it was about eight o'clock in the morning. Who needs butt plugs then?

The reason there are so many gyms in London is because the amount of gay people who are here now.

If it's all about ass, why don't gays like a little bit of tit?

Well I'm trying to think what I put in... I think I put in 'why?' to see if I'd confuse the computer.

The Web is the new book though, innit?

We've invented most of the stuff that we need and now we're just messing about.

I think it's clever how Rome have kept a load of old stuff. There's no overheads, yet people are going over there to see it.

I know who I am. Bloody hell, I'm getting enough bills for Karl Pilkington so I hope I am him, 'cos if I'm not, I have no idea who I'm paying for.

The problem I have with all this religion stuff is that I can't relate to it. I think most people got into 'cos it gave them something to do on a Sunday, but since all the shops are now open it isn't required as much.

The cafe was called Tattoos. The fella who owned it didn't have any tattoos... but we never saw his wife.

She gave me the jabs and said I was covered for every worst-case scenario, including being bitten by a dirty chimp. I told her this is why we have over-population problems. Why are idiots who annoy dirty chimps being protected?

Stay green, stay in the woods, and stay safe.

It's interesting to see that people had so much clutter even thousands of years ago. The only way to get rid of it all was to bury it, and then some archaeologist went and dug it all up.

I always have a problem liking things I'm told I should like.

They do it in Thai restaurants in London. You ask for a drink, and it comes in a glass with loads of seaweed and pebbles in it like a scene from Finding Nemo.

It wouldn't happen... There hasn't been one publication by a monkey.

There is no need for ants to have the ability to fly.

The problem is, these days you have to listen to too many parts of your body. Sometimes I go with my gut feeling, some say go with what your heart says - it's only a matter of time before my appendix will have an opinion. This is probably why there are so many helplines these days. No one knows who to bloody listen to!

Treat the world like a head.

This is the problem with over-crowded inner-city schools there aren't enough parts for everyone in the nativity story.

I thought the fart was a human thing. It's something to do with like, arse cheeks, or whatever.

I’ve always found cherubs a bit sinister. The idea of winged babies flying around with no nappies on seems like an accident waiting to happen. There would be shit everywhere. If I saw a cherub flying about in real life it would terrify me, whereas a Cyclops, which is another mythical being, wouldn’t scare me at all, as it’s just a bloke with one eye. He’d be registered disabled and get a decent parking space in today’s world.

A block of blood should not have the word "cake" after it...they might as well say shite gateau.

I've always wanted to kick a duck up the ass.

I've never been touched by such an old man.

I’ve found out that Malakula was named by Captain James Cook. It comes from the French mal au cul which means ‘pain in the arse’ after Cook found it difficult to deal with cannibals, volcanoes and other annoying features. It’s good to know proper explorers sometimes share the feelings I have on my travels.

I sometimes wear headphones even though I’m not listening to anything just so I’m left alone. It’s the next best thing to wearing a ‘Do Not Disturb’ sign.

There are more idiots in the world than bright ones, but it’s the odd good one that makes a big difference.

Kids are like farts in that way. They never seem to bother the owner as much as they bother everyone else.

A life without death would be like a day without sleep.

If something happened to Suzanne I don’t think I would want to go through with finding somebody else either. I’d feel quite lost without her. It would be like separating Siamese twins, as we’ve been through everything together. Which can also be handy, as my memory isn’t what it used to be, so I use hers as my back-up memory drive. Meeting someone new would be like getting a new phone. You have to start again, input all of your information into them while trying to get to know their functions.

A while back I heard bears have to stick leaves up their arse to stop ants crawling up there and biting them! I know the world is getting overpopulated but it isn’t that crowded that things have to live up an arse. No wonder Paddington Bear left Peru for London. When you’ve got bears wanting to leave the country it makes me wonder what I’m doing here.

We seem to live in a world where you have to walk around grinning like a loon. I can’t understand all the fuss about Mona Lisa painting, everyone wondering why she’s not smiling, if she’s depressed or heartbroken. No, she was just normal! Emotions are always extreme these days: you either have to be crying with laughter or crying in pain. No wonder water levels are rising. It’s not global warming, it’s all the tears from crying.

Does the brain control you or are you controlling the brain?

Honestly, all the trouble Noah went to saving the animals two by two and now we’re making handbags out of them.

I don't really like surprises. Not big ones anyway. Just having a pack of Revels holds enough of a surprise for me.

I’ve tried counting sheep like everyone recommends, but what tends to happen is that my brain thinks it’s seen the same sheep twice and that messes up my count, and when I think there’s no more sheep to count, another three will come running along and startle me. Or just as I think I’ve finished counting, an elephant comes running in. By this point I’m wide awake.

They’re limited edition,’ she said. ‘Listen,’ I said ‘they’re not limited enough. These shouldn’t have been made at all.

I think happiness is a bit like a cake. If you have cake every single day of your life you'll get sick of it. If you're happy everyday, you'll get sick of being happy… That's a good saying actually. Happiness is like a cake. Have too much and you'll get sick of it.

